samples: bluetooth: HID samples + SCI min conn interval 750us (#29797)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

> * :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`, :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard`, and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples:

Reviewer: Not sure if we shouldn't split it into 3 notes (one per sample) to properly keep a separate section per sample. @peknis could you advise, please?

  * Added support for the ``nrf54lc10dk/nrf54lc10a/cpuapp`` board target.

* :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample:

>   * Added a "release" HID SCI configuration that lowers the minimum connection interval from 875 µs to 750 µs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a release HID SCI configuration (``hid_sci_release``) that lowers the minimum connection interval from 875 µs to 750 µs.
```

Reviewer: btw. Can we call it `release_hid_sci` (for consistent naming with nRF Desktop)?

* :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids` sample:

  * Updated the minimum supported connection interval from 875 µs to 750 µs in the HID SCI configuration.

>   * Enabled the Frame Space Update feature in the single peripheral HID SCI configuration.

Reviewer: Can we make it as one bullet point? (I would keep it together and slightly modify to mention that Frame Space update is needed to achieve 750 us)

-----------------

* Added support for the ``nrf54lc10dk/nrf54lc10a/cpuapp`` board target in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`, :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard`, and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples.

> * Reduced the minimum connection interval in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`, :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard`, and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples from 875 us to 750 us in the HID SCI configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`bluetooth_central_hids`, :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard`, and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples:

  * Added support for the ``nrf54lc10dk/nrf54lc10a/cpuapp`` board target.
  * Updated the minimum connection interval from 875 µs to 750 µs in the HID SCI configuration.
```
